\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename clearcase.info
@settitle XEmacs Clearcase Reference Manual
@dircategory XEmacs
@direntry
* Clearcase: (clearcase).      New Clearcase Version Control for XEmacs (UNIX, Windows).
@end direntry
@c footnotestyle separate
@c paragraphindent 2
@c %**end of header
@setchapternewpage odd
@ifinfo
This document describes the XEmacs package called clearcase.
Copyright @copyright{} 2001 Adrian Aichner.
@end ifinfo

@c @c Combine indices.
@c @synindex cp fn
@c @syncodeindex vr fn
@c @syncodeindex ky fn
@c @syncodeindex pg fn
@c @syncodeindex tp fn

@titlepage
@c @sp 10
@c @comment The title is printed in a large font.
@c @center @titlefont{Clearcase}
@c @c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@c @page
@c @vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@c Copyright @copyright{} 2000 Adrian Aichner.
@title XEmacs Clearcase Reference Manual
@subtitle Version 1.00 (for XEmacs 21.1, 21.2), dated 2001-12-09

@author by Adrian Aichner
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@sp 2
@c Version 3.3 @*
@c Revised for XEmacs Versions 21.0,@*
@c April 1998.@*

Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
preserved on all copies.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided also that the
section entitled ``GNU General Public License'' is included
exactly as in the original, and provided that the entire resulting
derived work is distributed under the terms of a permission notice
identical to this one.

Permission is granted to copy and distribute translations of this manual
into another language, under the above conditions for modified versions,
except that the section entitled ``GNU General Public License'' may be
included in a translation approved by the Free Software Foundation
instead of in the original English.
@end titlepage
@node Top, Clearcase Overview, , (dir)
@comment node-name, next,          previous, up
@chapter Clearcase Package

This is the XEmacs Clearcase Reference Manual, Version 1.00 (for XEmacs
21.1, 21.2), released 2001-12-09, by @email{adrian@@xemacs.org, Adrian
Aichner}.

@menu
* Clearcase Overview::                Overview of clearcase package
* Clearcase Installation::            Installation of the clearcase package
* Known Problems of Clearcase::       Problems, Workarounds, and Fixes
* Concept Index::                     An item for each concept
@end menu

@node Clearcase Overview, Clearcase Installation, Top, (dir)
@comment node-name,     next,          previous, up
@chapter Clearcase Overview
@cindex What is clearcase?

@code{clearcase} is a Configuration Management System of Rational
Software Corporation written by @email{esler@@rational.com, Kevin
Esler}.

The @code{clearcase} package described here supports ClearCase version
control from within the @code{XEmacs} editor.

@enumerate

@item

Make sure you're using Gnu Emacs-20.4 or XEmacs-21.1 or later.

Make sure that you DON'T load old versions of vc-hooks.el which contain
incompatible versions of the tq package (functions tq-enqueue and
friends). In particular, Bill Sommerfeld's VC/CC integration has this
problem.

@item

Insert this in your emacs startup file:
(unless (noninteractive)
  (require 'clearcase))

@end enumerate

When you begin editing in any view-context, a ClearCase menu will appear
and ClearCase Minor Mode will be activated for you.

@node Clearcase Installation, Known Problems of Clearcase, Clearcase Overview, (dir)
@comment node-name,     next,          previous, up
@chapter Clearcase Installation
@cindex How to install clearcase

You have following three choices to install clearcase (@pxref{Using
Packages, Using Packages, , xemacs}):

@enumerate

@item
Use the package GUI:

@itemize @bullet

@item
In XEmacs Release 21.1:

Select a download site under

@example
Options->Manage Packages->Add Download Site
@end example

and after listing available packages with

@example
Options->Manage Packages->List & Install
@end example

install @code{clearcase} with

@example
Packages->Toggle install `clearcase'
Packages->Install/Remove Selected
@end example

followed by starting a fresh XEmacs.

@item
In XEmacs Beta Release 21.2-bXX:

Menus have been re-arranged in XEmacs 21.2.

Select a download site under

@example
Tools->Packages->Add Download Site
@end example

and after listing available packages with

@example
Tools->Packages->List and Install
@end example

install @code{clearcase} with

@example
Packages->Toggle install `clearcase'
Packages->Install/Remove Selected
@end example
  
followed by starting a fresh XEmacs.

@end itemize

@item
Run XEmacs command

@example
@kbd{M-x package-admin-add-binary-package RET @var{clearcase-package-tarball-path}}
@end example

after tarball download with EFS or ftp.

@item

Extract the clearcase tarball(s) into the xemacs-packages hierarchy from
your favorite shell.

@code{bash}, @code{csh}, @code{ksh}, @code{zsh} come to mind on
@code{UNIX} systems; @code{Cygwin's} @code{bash}, @code{cmd.exe}, and
@code{command.exe} for @code{Windows 95/98/NT}.

@example
@kbd{cd @var{installation-directory}/xemacs-packages;
gzip -dc @var{clearcase-package-tarball-path} | tar -xvf -}
@end example
 
@end enumerate

@node Known Problems of Clearcase, Concept Index, Clearcase Installation, Top
@comment node-name,    next,  previous,      up
@chapter Known Problems of Clearcase
@cindex Limitations
@cindex Bugs

@enumerate

@item
None known.  Please report any using M-x report-emacs-bug.

@end enumerate

@node Concept Index, , Known Problems of Clearcase, Top
@comment node-name,    next,  previous,      up
@unnumbered Concept Index
@printindex cp
@contents
@bye
